Updated the session related information (#47)
alc-beijing/acasia2021: content/sessions/1146.md

---
title: "Milvus: A Vector Database for Unstructured Data Processing"
date: "2021-08-08T16:10:00" 
track: "bigdata"
presenters: "Charles Xie, Rentong Guo"
stype: "中文演讲"
---

> This presentation will talk about the increasing demands and challengesfor unstructured data processing in in the AI era and how vector database comes to rescue. As the world's most popular open source vector database, Milvus has been adopted by over 1000 organizations. We will present the technical insides about Milvus and also the forth coming execiting features and innovations in Milvus 2.0. We will also give examples and demos on how Milvus is helping various corporation with applications in computer vision, NLP, recommendation systems and AI drug discovery.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This presentation will talk about the increasing demands and challenges for unstructured data processing in in the AI era and how vector database comes to rescue. As the world's most popular open source vector database, Milvus has been adopted by over 1000 organizations. We will present the technical insides about Milvus and also the forth coming execiting features and innovations in Milvus 2.0. We will also give examples and demos on how Milvus is helping various corporation with applications in computer vision, NLP, recommendation systems and AI drug discovery.
```
